[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
PLAGUED
[water dripping]
[rats squeaking]
[rats shriek]
[tense music]
[rat shrieks]
[sinister music]
[tense shrieking]
[theme music]
Hmm.
I can't speak any louder.
I'm in the library now.
What's a library, Jeremy?
A data bank
where everything's printed on paper,
and you can't make any noise.
Because you need silence
to concentrate on studying.
Yes, and so as not to miss
the match point!
[action music]
[Ulrich] Hm...
[Odd hums]
[grunts]
Hey, quiet!
[gasping]
[Odd shouts]
[Ulrich gasps]
Oh!
-Game, set and match.
-Yeah!
[Ulrich shouts]
[moans]
Ulrich, is that what you call studying?
[giggles]
In case no one told you,
this is not the schoolyard!
You are here to work, OK?
And work means silence!
-No more games from now on!
-[Yumi snickers]
[grunts]
Okay!
Well if that's the way you wanna play,
I can play just as hard as you can play,
little friends.
[yelling] You! Two hours detention.
I'm... oops, sorry about that, sir. I...
[snickers]
[Mr. Delmas clears his throat]
Hello, Jeremy.
Would you come to my office?
I want to talk to you. It's important.
[theme music]
[tense music]
[squeaking]
[rats shriek]
[rat shrieks]
[shrieking]
[light music]
-[Odd] Jeremy?
-[Ulrich] Well?
[shrugging]
-[footsteps]
-[birds chirping]
-What's going on?
-The principal went on and on.
He says the school psychologist
has been observing me for a long time,
and he thinks
I'm an overly gifted student.
Is that all? But that's nothing.
We were scared the principal
found out about the lab. Big deal!
It's worse than you think.
The shrink's decided
I have to take all kinds of tests tonight
to determine what my IQ is.
Yeah, so?
If the tests show
that I have a really high IQ,
the guy's gonna see to it
that I get sent to another school.
[all] Huh? Oh, no!
He's gonna send you
to a school for future Einsteins?
-[Jeremy] Yeah.
-That is serious.
If you're not here,
we can never go to Lyoko again,
and XANA will be able to do what he wants.
It's not just that, guys.
I don't want to leave
because of you all. You're my friends.
-[grunting]
-Hold on, cool it. Don't panic, OK?
They can't force you to change schools.
It's not that easy.
The psychologist creep
couldn't wait to talk to my parents.
He told them that at that kind of school,
I'd be entitled to a big scholarship.
My folks aren't gonna pass up
a chance like that.
[melancholic music]
-[sinister music]
-[water flowing]
[rats squeaking]
-[bell rings]
-[unintelligible chatter]
[Odd] What's the problem?
You mess up on the tests,
and they'll think you're a moron.
Nobody'll know, and you're home free.
Sure, I thought of that.
Only there's a problem,
because tests like that
are full of trick questions.
And if you wanna mess up
and make mistakes,
you've gotta be very clever.
But that's great.
You're the cleverest kid around.
Well, okay. I'll do my best to flunk,
but I can't promise anything.
I'll see you guys later.
Keep me posted, okay?
Hello, Jeremy. Do you recognize me?
I'm Mr. Simone, the school psychologist.
Of course I do.
Is it true that you're planning
to get me transferred to a school
for gifted children? Great!
My parents are gonna be glad!
That's what we're here tonight
to find out.
To start off, I'm gonna give you
a multiple choice test.
It's a test in which...
Sorry, I'm sure you know.
-[Jeremy] Me? No.
-Oh!
[bell ringing]
-[Ulrich] What's for dinner?
-Some kind of hash.
They all taste the same.
-[Sissi yells]
-[tense music]
No, it can't be! My brand new Gooki dress!
I don't believe it!
Ah, so you're the savage that did this!
[rat shrieks]
Here, take that!
[grunts]
[tense music]
[Sissi hums]
[theme music]
[computer beeps]
[electricity crackles]
[gasps]
Jeremy? Jeremy, listen!
XANA's woken up.
He must be preparing an attack.
[Aelita] Jeremy?
[grunts]
Uh!
[hums]
-[tense music]
-[rats squeaking]
[electricity crackles]
[shouting]
Sir, don't you think we ought to stop?
Oh, but that would be silly, ah?
The tests are almost finished.
Besides,
the lights are bound to come on again.
Oh!
[Mr. Simone] Ah!
[Sissi] What kind of
a two bits school is this?
[grunts]
[rats shriek]
[shouts]
[cries]
-[sinister music]
-[shrieking loudly]
[Sissi yells] Help!
[shouting]
-That's enough!
-[unintelligible chatter]
Get back to your seats right now,
and quiet down! Go on now.
The lights'll come on again soon.
Now stop clowning around.
Understand? Come on!
-[laughing]
-[rhythmic thumping]
-[Ulrich shushes] Quiet down! Listen!
-[students] Huh?
[muffled squeaking]
What? Hey...
[squeaking]
[tense music]
[Jim screams]
[shrieking continues]
[kids yell] Rats! Help!
We better get out of here!
[gasp]
-[Jim] Uh, don't panic.
-[Rosa] Take that! And that!
-[squeaking]
-[Odd] Move, move! Help!
-[Jim] Don't panic. Get out of my way.
-[Rosa shouts]
Ah! Oh, no!
-[Odd] Oh, oh...
-[Ulrich] We're trapped.
Nice going, XANA.
The rats all waited for night time,
and they attack us
as soon as we're all in the cafeteria.
[yelling]
[Ulrich groans]
[phone rings]
Is that you, Ulrich? Huh? What?
Oh, but...
After the test,
you can make all the calls you want.
-What's the matter? Why doesn't he answer?
-[Odd] The extinguishers, Jim! Hurry up!
[stammer] Don't panic, just don't panic!
[Odd] Pass them down.
[Sissi grunts]
Okay, outside everyone.
[rats squeak]
There're too many.
We'll never hold them back all night.
[Sissi] Help, help! Over here!
Sissi! What's she doing here anyway?
We have to help her
or she's gonna get eaten alive!
That noise is unbearable!
[rats squeaking]
Listen, this racket has got to... Oh!
[Mr. Simone] Oh, rats!
They're rats, a whole army of them!
XANA!
They're trying to eat through the door.
We've got to barricade it!
[theme music]
[rats squeaking]
-[tense music]
-[Yumi pants]
Ah, here she comes.
-Your carriage, Cinderella!
-[Sissi moans]
-[squeaking]
-[Yumi pants]
[Yumi and Sissi yell]
Welcome to the rat pack!
Okay, keep going alone, sir.
Let's hope this will hold them back
long enough.
Aelita?
XANA has activated a tower.
I've spotted where it is.
I'm on my way there.
I'll try and get a closer look.
-[computer beeps]
-[Jeremy sighs]
-[phone rings]
-[tense music]
Hello, Jeremy.
Yes, the rats have attacked.
Okay, right. We'll meet at the lab.
-We have to find a safe place.
-Where? The rats are all over.
[Jim] I know one.
The only place with no access
to the sewers is the science building.
-[Jim] Let's go!
-Better hurry.
Oh, we're the rats in a trap,
and I don't like it at all!
Get a move on!
The extinguishers are nearly empty.
[Yumi] C'mon, easy does it.
[door creaks]
[student] Faster!
[student] Hurry up, move!
[Ulrich gasps]
What do I do now?
[Ulrich yells]
[Ulrich sighs]
Let's go up to the roof.
If the rats get in, we'll be safe there.
-[rattling]
-[Odd] Oh!
[all gasping]
[loud crash]
We have to get to the factory.
Jeremy will meet us there...
as soon as he can.
That's great, but how do we get there?
Here I go. Yeah!
Wait, come back! What're you doing?
No, come back. Come back. Hey!
[Ulrich] Too late!
-[panting]
-[tense music]
[gasps]
No choice. We have to go over the wall.
-[Mr. Simone] Not rats! Anything but rats!
-[Jeremy sighs]
[Mr. Simone stammers] When I was a boy,
a rat came up to my room.
Oh!
[shouts]
-[rats shriek]
-Bingo!
Stay here. I gotta get to the photo lab.
Be right back.
[theme music]
-[tense music]
-[panting]
-[rat squeaks]
-[all gasping] Oh!
[squeaking]
XANA's thought of everything!
[Odd] Come on.
-[Odd gasps]
-[tense music]
Care for a little cruise?
[panting]
Faster!
-[rats squeaking]
-[all gasping]
[gasping and panting]
Hurry up. Faster! Hurry!
[door slamming]
[Mr. Simone gasps]
[rats squeaking]
-[rats shriek]
-It worked! Great.
If they come, use this.
It'll chase 'em away.
Stay. Please, don't go!
[Mr. Simone] I'm afraid of rats. Oh, no!
[theme music]
-[Yumi pants]
-[mechanical clanking]
[groans]
Jeremy, I'm in the lab.
I have to contact Aelita,
and virtualize Odd and Ulrich.
Explain to me how to do it.
Listen up.
Ah?
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[action music]
-[Aelita pants]
-[lasers blasting]
Okay, that's done.
I found the activated tower,
and I've located Aelita.
She's got a problem.
What? Speak louder. I can hardly hear you.
I have to type in the coordinates?
Say that again... 19 degrees West.
-That's it, isn't it? 19 degrees West?
-Wait, no!
I said 79 degrees West... 79 degrees West.
Listen. The rats've invaded the city.
D'you hear?
Okay. I'm ready.
Yumi, can you hear me?
[electricity crackles]
[Yumi] Transfer Odd.
[Yumi] Transfer Ulrich.
[computer beeping]
[Yumi] Scanner Odd.
[Yumi] Scanner Ulrich. Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[electricity buzzing]
[action music]
-It's okay. You did it, Yumi.
-[Yumi] Do you see Aelita?
[Ulrich] No. She should be
around here somewhere.
Oh no!
I didn't enter the right coordinates.
[Yumi] I virtualized you
too far away from Aelita.
That's okay. We could use the exercise
to get warmed up.
-[rats squeaking]
-[Jeremy] Smile!
[panting]
[Yumi] Do you see her now?
-[Odd] Oh!
-[mechanical footsteps]
Yeah, I see her.
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Odd] She's here.
-The only problem is she's not alone.
-[Yumi] Be careful.
[Aelita gasps]
-Oops!
-[Ulrich] Hello, princess.
That was close.
I just managed to get away.
Your two knights in armor
have come to protect you.
[mechanical clanking]
[Odd] Hey, this is kinda weird.
Odd, Ulrich, what is happening?
-[ground cracking]
-That's a good question.
[rumbling]
[computer beeps]
I don't understand.
It could have been my mistake, although...
[Aelita] Oh, it's XANA.
He's changing the slope of the plateau.
Better hang on tight!
[yelling]
[grunts]
Wow! Well done, Aelita!
Oh!
[laser blasting]
-[Aelita] No!
-[Ulrich yells]
[gasps]
[Yumi] Two crabs, a battery of lasers,
ten life points lost per impact.
[laser blasting]
Ulrich, cover Aelita.
She's lost too many life points.
I'll attract their attention.
[gasps]
[pants]
[mechanical footsteps]
Laser arrow!
[swooshing]
[Odd grunts]
Odd, get out of there now!
[grunting]
[shouts]
Odd, no!
[Odd shouts]
[Ulrich] Oh!
-Need any help?
-Ah, Jeremy, you're finally here.
Odd has just been devirtualized
and Ulrich has hardly
any life points left.
[Jeremy] Well, you know
what you've gotta do now, Yumi.
[theme music]
-[tense music]
-[rats squeaking]
[shuddering]
[rats squeaking]
[laser blasting]
[gasping]
[Ulrich shouts]
[action music]
[mechanical clanking]
[moans]
[Ulrich shouts]
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[Aelita] No!
[crackling]
[Yumi shouts]
[digital crashing]
[rats squeaking]
[tense music]
[beeping]
[ethereal music]
Go on, Aelita. You're there now. Go on!
[beeping]
[rats squeaking]
Say... Say cheese.
[computer beeps]
[kids screaming]
[rewinding sound]
[powering up]
Return to the past, now!
[upbeat music]
Jeremy... Did you figure out
a way to flunk the test?
Now I know all the questions,
I shouldn't have trouble
giving the wrong answers.
Are you sure it's gonna work?
Anyway, I've got a way of flunking.
I'm gonna get all of my answers from Odd.
[snickering]
Yeah! Laugh your heads off,
but you might be in for a big surprise.
Quiet!
[playful music]
[theme song]